=pod

=head1 NAME

 sound - Freedesktop Sound Themes


=head1 STANDARD SOUNDS

=head2 STANDARD ALERT SOUNDS

This is to notify the user of an action or event which may have a major
impact on the system or their current use case.

=over

=item I<network-connectivity-lost>

The sound used when network connectivity is lost.
Provides an audible indication to the user that network connectivity
that was previously established has now been lost.  Activities that rely
on network connectivity will cease, so this is a major change in the
use case for the device, thus, this alert.

B<Spoken words:>
"Network connectivity lost."

=item I<network-connectivity-error>

The sound used when an error occurs when it is tried to initialize the
network connection of the computing device.
Provides an audible indication to the user that network connectivity
that is normally automatically established has encountered an error.
Activities that rely on network connectivity cannot start or proceed, so
this is a major change in the use case for the devices, thus, this
alert.

B<Spoken words:>
"Network connectivity error."

=item I<dialog-error>

Common sound used when a dialog is opened to explain an error condition
to the user.

B<Spoken words:>
"Error dialog."

=item B<dialog-error-critical>

Common sound used when a dialog is opened to explain a critical error
condition to the user.

B<Spoken words:>
"Critical error dialog."

=item B<dialog-error-serious>

Common sound used when a dialog is opened to explain a serious error
condition to the user.

B<Spoken words:>
"Serious error dialog."

=item I<battery-low>

The sound used when the battery is low (below 20%, for example).
Most battery operated systems will automatically
hybrid-suspend-hibernate once the battery level goes below a specific
point.  Provides an audible indication to the user of an impending
automatic hybrid suspend/hibernate.

B<Spoken words:>
"Low battery! Low battery! Low battery!"

=item I<suspend-error>

The machine failed to suspend.

B<Spoken words:>
"Machine suspend failed."

=item I<software-update-urgent>

The sound used when an urgent update is available through the system
software update program.

B<Spoken words:>
"An urgent software update is available through the system
software update program."

=item I<power-unplug-battery-low>

The power cable has been unplugged and the battery level is low.

B<Spoken words:>
"The power cable has been unplugged and the battery level
is low."

=item B<thermal-hot>

The sound used when the computer or device has become hot (above 90% of
thermal limits, for example).
Most mobile systems have limited thermal cooling capability under some
circumstances (vents blocked, for example) and will automatically
power-off to protect the CPU and other electronic components once
temperatures reach a critical level.  Provides an audible indication to
the user of an impending automatic power-down.

B<Spoken words:>
"Device hot! Device hot! Device hot!"

=item B<desktop-session-save-failed>

The sound used when saving a desktop session failed.

B<Spoken words:>
"Session save failed."

=item B<desktop-session-restore-failed>

The sound used when the restoration of a desktop session fails.

B<Spoken words:>
"Session restoration failed."

=back

=head2 STARDARD NOTIFICATION SOUNDS

This is to alert the user that the system, or their current use case,
has changed state in some way - new email arriving, new non-critical
update to an application available.

=over

=item I<message-new-instant>

"New instant message."
The sound used when a new instant message is received.

=item I<message-new-email>

New Email message.
The sound used when a new email is received.

=item I<complete-media-burn>

Optical medium burning complete
The sound used when a optical medium completed burning.

=item I<complete-media-rip>

Optical medium ripping complete
The sound used when an optical medium completed ripping.

=item I<complete-download>

File download complete
The sound used when a file completed downloading.

=item I<complete-copy>

File copy complete
The sound use when a file completed copying.

=item I<complete-scan>

Scanner completed image acquisition
The sound used when a scanner completed image acquisition and software completed image processing.

=item I<phone-incoming-call>

Incoming Phone Call
The sound used when a phone/voip call is coming in.  Usually some kind of ring sound.

=item I<phone-outgoing-busy>

Outgoing Phone Call Busy
The sound used when a phone/voip call is dialed out and the responder is already engaged.

=item I<phone-hangup>

Phone hung up.
The sound used when a phone/voip call is ended due to hangup.

=item I<phone-failure>

Phone call cancelled due to error.
The sound used when a phone/voip call is canceled due to some error.

=item I<network-connectivity-established>

Network Connectivity Established
The sound used when network connectivity is established.

=item I<system-bootup>

Initiating startup sequence.
The sound used when the computer is being booted up, played as early in bootup as possible.

=item I<system-ready>

Ready for system log in.
The sound used when the computer is booted up and shows the login screen.

=item I<system-shutdown>

Initiating shutdown sequence.
The sound used when the computer is being shut down.

=item B<system-shutdown-reboot>

Initiating restart sequence.
Common sound used when the computer is being restarted.

=item I<search-results>

Search results returned.
The sound used when no search results are returned.

=item I<search-results-empty>

No search results returned.
The sound used when one or more search results are returned.

=item I<desktop-login>

Welcome to the X desktop environment.
The sound used when the user logs into the system, played as a welcome sound immediate afte the login screen disappeared.

=item I<desktop-logout>

Logging out of the X desktop environment.
The sound used when a user logs out of the system.

=item I<desktop-screen-lock>

Screen Locked
The sound used when the user locs their current session.

=item B<desktop-screen-unlock>

Screen Unlocked
Common sound used when the user unlocks their current session.

=item I<service-login>

User logged into service.
The sound used when a user logs into a service (i.e. Gaim login).

=item I<service-logout>

User logged out of service.
The sound used when a user logs out of a service (i.e. Gaim logout).

=item I<battery-caution>

Caution
battery nearing exhaustion.
The sound used when the battery is nearing exhaustion (below 40%, for example).

=item I<battery-full>

Battery is fully charged.
The sound used when the battery is fully loaded up.

=item I<dialog-warning>

Warning Dialog
The sound used when a dialog is opened to give information to the user that may be pertinent to the requested action.

=item I<dialog-information>

Information Dialog
The sound used when a dialog is opened to give information to the user that may be pertinent to the requested action.

=item I<dialog-question>

Question Dialog
The sound used when a dialog is opened to ask the user a question.

=item I<software-update-available>

A software update is available through the system software update program.
The sound used when an update is available for software installed on the computing device, through the system software update program.

=item I<device-added>

Device Added
The sound used when a device has become available to the desktop, i.e. due to USB plugging.

=item I<device-removed>

Device Removed
The sound used when a device has become unavailable to the desktop, i.e. due to USB unplug.

=item I<window-new>

New Window Opened
The sound used when a new window or dialog is opened.

=item I<power-plug>

The power cable has been plugged in.
The power cable has been plugged in.

=item I<power-unplug>

The power cable has been unplugged.
The power cable has been unplugged.

=item I<suspend-start>

Machine suspending.
The machine is about to suspend.

=item I<suspend-resume>

Machine returned from suspended state.
The machine has returned from suspended state.

=item I<lid-open>

Lid Opened
The lid has been opened (for laptops, mobile devices).

=item I<lid-close>

Lid Closed
The lid has been closed (for laptops, mobile devices).

=item I<alarm-clock-elapsed>

Alarm clock elapsed.
A user configured alarm elapsed.

=item I<window-attention-active>

Active Window Requires Attention
An active/visible window demands attention.

=item I<window-attention-inactive>

Inactive Window Requires Attention
An inactive/invisible window demands attention.

=item B<window-urgent>

Urgent Window
The sound used when a window is marked as urgent.

=item B<desktop-session-create>

Session Created
The sound used when a new desktop session is created.

=item B<desktop-session-save>

Session Saved
The sound used when a desktop session is saved.

=item B<desktop-session-checkpoint>

Session Check-Point
The sound used when a desktop session is checkpointed.

=item B<desktop-session-restore>

Session Restored
The sound used when a desktop session is restored.

=item B<thermal-caution>

"Device has Heated Up."
The sound to use when the computer or device has heated up (above 80% of
thermal limits, for example).

=item B<thermal-cool>

"Device has Cooled Down."
The sound to use when the computer or device has cooled down (below 20%
of thermal limits, for example).

=back

=head2 STANDARD ACTION SOUNDS

Action sounds are use as feedback for user operations.

=over

=item I<phone-outgoing-calling>

Outgoing Phone Call in progress.
The sound used when a phone/voip call is dialed out.

=item I<message-sent-instant>

Instant Message Sent
The sound used when a new IM is sent.

=item I<message-sent-email>

Email Message Sent
The sound used when a new email is sent.

=item I<bell-terminal>

Terminal Bell
The sound to use as a terminal bell.

=item I<bell-window-system>

Window System Bell
The sound to use as a generic bell for X11 and other window systems.

=item I<trash-empty>

Trash Emptied
The sound used when the user empties the trash.

=item I<item-deleted>

Item Deleted
The sound used when an item is deleted.

=item I<file-trash>

File/Folder sent to Trash
The sound used when a file or folder is sent to the trash.

=item I<camera-shutter>

Say "Cheese"!
A photo has been shot.

=item I<camera-focus>

Camera focus
A camera has the focus.

=item I<screen-capture>

Screen Capture Initiated
A screenshot was made.

=item I<count-down>

Counting down.
A countdown (e.g. for a photo shooting) sound that is repeated each second.

=item I<completion-success>

Text completion attempt successful.
A text completion was attempted and was successful.

=item I<completion-fail>

Text completion attempt not successful.
A text completion was attempted and was not successful.

=item I<completion-partial>

Text completion attempt partially successful.
A text completion was attempted and was partially successful.

=item I<completion-rotation>

Text completion attempt available options restarting.
A test completion was attempted and the list of available options reached the end and completion started from the beginning.

=item I<audio-volume-change>

Volume Change
The test sound that is used to make volume changes noticeable by the user when he uses a volume slider.

=item I<audio-channel-left>

Left.
The test sound for identifying the left speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'left'.

=item I<audio-channel-right>

Right
The test sound for identifying the right speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'right'.

=item I<audio-channel-front-left>

Front left.
The test sound for identifying the front-left speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'front left'.

=item I<audio-channel-front-right>

Front right.
The test sound for identifying the front-right speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'front right'.

=item I<audio-channel-front-center>

Front center.
The test sound for identify the front-center speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'front right'.

=item I<audio-channel-rear-left>

Rear Left
The test sound for identifying the rear-left speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'rear left'.

=item I<audio-channel-rear-right>

Rear Right
The test sound for identifying the rear-right speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'rear right'.

=item I<audio-channel-rear-center>

Rear Center
The test signal for identifying the rear-center speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'rear center'.

=item I<audio-channel-lfe>

Subwoofer
The test sound for identifying the lfe/subwoofer speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'sub-woofer', alternatively a low frequency noise.

=item I<audio-channel-side-left>

Side Left
The test sound for identifying the side-left speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'side left'.

=item I<audio-channel-side-right>

Side Right
The test sound for identifying the side-right speaker.  A mono file with a voice saying 'side right'.

=item I<audio-test-signal>

Test Signal
The test sound for testing audio.

=back

=head2 STANDARD INPUT FEEDBACK SOUNDS

Actions sounds are used as feedback for user input events, such as mouse
clicks, or key presses.  In contrast to the sounds listed in "Actions"
theres sounds contain much less context information and are solely used
to give the user audible feedback to input events the user himself
directly caused.

=over

=item I<window-close>

Window Closed
The sound used when an existing window is closed.

=item B<window-close-kill>

Window Killed.
The sound used when an existing window is killed.

=item B<window-close-kill-process>

Window Killed by Process Identifier.
The sound used when an existing window is killed by process identifier.

=item B<window-close-kill-server>

Window Killed by Server.
The sound used when an existing window is killed by the windowing system server.

=item B<window-ping>

Window Pinged.
The sound used when an existing window is pinged on the windowing system server to determine whether it's application is still responsive.

=item I<window-slide-in>

Window Slided In
The sound used when a window is slided in by some means.  Example
panel.

=item I<window-slide-out>

Window Slided Out
The sound used when a window is slided out by some means.  Example
panel.

=item B<window-slide-in-unshade>

Window unshaded.
The sound used when an existing window is unshaded.

=item B<window-slide-out-shade>

Window Shaded
The sound used when an existing window is shaded.

=item B<window-slide-in-taketo>

Window taken to other desktop.
The sound used when an existing window is taken to another desktop.

=item B<window-slide-out-sendto>

Window sent to other desktop.
The sound used when and existing window is sent to another desktop.

=item I<window-minimized>

Window Minimized
The sound used when when an existing window is iconified (minimized).

=item I<window-unminimized>

Window Unminimized
The sound used when an existing window is unminimized.

=item B<window-minimized-hidden>

Window hidden.
The sound used when an existing window is hidden.

=item B<window-unminimized-unhidden>

Window revealed.
The sound used when a window is unhidden.  Falls back to window-unminimized.

=item I<window-maximized>

Window Maximized
The sound used when an existing window is maximized in both directions (horizontal and vertical).

=item I<window-unmaximized>

Window Unmaximized
The sound used when an existing window is unmaximized.

=item B<window-maximized-vertical>

Window maximized vertically.
The sound used when an existing window is maximized in the vertical direction.

=item B<window-unmaximized-vertical>

Window restored vertically.
The sound used when a window is unmaximized in the vertical direction only.  Falls back to window-unmaximized.

=item B<window-maximized-horizontal>

Window maximized horizontally.
The sound used when an active window is set to maximized in the horizontal direction.

=item B<window-unmaximized-horizontal>

Window restored horizontally.
The sound used when a window is unmaximized in the horizontal direction.

=item B<window-maximized-filled>

Window will fill available area.
The sound used when an active window is set to fill available space.

=item B<window-unmaximized-unfilled>

Window restored from filled.
The sound used when a window is unmaximized from filling available area.  Falls back to window-unmaximized.

=item B<window-maximized-left>

Window maximized to the left.
The sound used when an active window is set to maximize on the left of the screen.

=item B<window-unmaximized-left>

Window restored from left.
The sound used when a window is unmaximized from the left half of the screen.  Falls back to window-unmaximized.

=item B<window-maximized-right>

Window maximized to the right.
The sound used when an active window is set to maximize on the right of the screen.

=item B<window-unmaximized-right>

Window restored from right.
The sound used when a window is unmaximized from the right half of the screen.  Falls back to window-unmaximized.

=item B<window-maximized-fullscreen>

Window made fullscreen
The sound used when an active window is set to fullscreen.

=item B<window-unmaximized-fullscreen>

Window restored from Fullscreen.
The sound used when a window is restored from fullscreen.

=item B<window-stick>

Window stuck.
The sound used when a window is stuck to the viewport.

=item B<window-unstick>

Window unstuck.
The sound used when a window is unstuck from the viewport.

=item B<window-stick-pinned>

Window pinned.
The sound used when an existing window is pinned so that it appears on all desktops.

=item B<window-unstick-unpinned>

Window unpinned.
The sound used when a window is unpinned from all workspaces.  Falls back to window-unstick.

=item B<window-stick-unfloat>

Window tiled.
The sound used when a window is allowed to float.

=item B<window-unstick-float>

Window floated.
The sound used when a window is not allowed to float in a tiling layout.  Falls back to window-stick.

=item B<window-decorated>

Window Decorated
The sound used when an undecorated window is decorated.

=item B<window-undecorated>

Window undecorated.
The sound used when decorations are removed from an existing window.

=item B<window-stack>

Window restacked.
The sound used when an existing window is restacked.

=item B<window-raise>

Window raised.
The sound used when an existing window is raised.

=item B<window-lower>

Window Lowered
The sound used when an active window is lowered.

=item B<window-stack-raise>

Window raised.
The sound used when an existing window is raised.

=item B<window-stack-lower>

Window Lowered
The sound used when an active window is lowered.

=item B<window-raise-above>

Window will be placed above other windows.
The sound used when an active window is set to be placed above other windows.

=item B<window-lower-below>

Window will be placed below other windows.
The sound used when an active window is set to be below other windows on the desktop.

=item B<window-stack-raise-above>

Window will be placed above other windows.
The sound used when an active window is set to be placed above other windows.

=item B<window-stack-lower-below>

Window will be placed below other windows.
The sound used when an active window is set to be below other windows on the desktop.

=item I<window-inactive-click>

Mouse Clicked in Inactive Window
The sound used when the user clicks on an inactive window.

=item I<window-move-start>

Window Move Started
A window move started.

=item I<window-move-end>

Window Move Ended
A window move ended.

=item B<window-move-end-repel>

Repelling Move
The sound used when moving a window and the movement is repelled by another window or workspace boundary.

=item B<window-move-end-attract>

Attracting Move
The sound used when moving a window and the movement is attracted by another window or workspace boundary.

=item B<window-move-start-unrepel>

Stopped Repelling Move
The sound used when moving a window and the movement has stopped being repelled by another window or workspace boundary.

=item B<window-move-start-unattract>

Stopped Attracting Move
The sound used when moving a window and the movement has stopped being attracted by another window or workspace boundary.

=item I<window-resize-start>

Window Resize Started
A window resize started.

=item I<window-resize-end>

Window Resize Ended
A window resize ended.

=item B<window-resize-end-repel>

Repelling Resize
The sound used when resizing a window and the resize is repelled by another window or workspace boundary.

=item B<window-resize-end-attract>

Attracting Resize
The sound used when resizing a window and the resize is attracted by another window or workspace boundary.

=item B<window-resize-start-unrepel>

Stopped Repelling Resize
The sound used when resizing a window and the resize has stopped being repelled by another window or workspace boundary.

=item B<window-resize-start-unattract>

Stopped Attracting Resize
The sound used when resizing a window and the resize has stopped being attracted by another window or workspace boundary.

=item I<desktop-switch-left>

Desktop to the Left
Common sound used when the window manager switches to another desktop which is located to the left the current screen.

=item I<desktop-switch-right>

Desktop to the Right
Common sound used when the window manager switches to another desktop which is located to the right of the current screen.

=item B<desktop-switch-left-up>

Desktop Above
Common sound used when the window manager switches to another desktop which is located above the current screen.

=item B<desktop-switch-right-down>

Desktop Below
Common sound used when the window manager switches to another desktop which is located below the current screen.

=item I<window-switch>

Window Switched
The sound used when the window manager switches to another window.

=item B<window-switch-left>

Window Switched Left
The sound used when the window manager switches to another window on the left.

=item B<window-switch-right>

Window Switched Right
The sound used when the window manager switches to another window on the right.

=item I<notebook-tab-changed>

Notebok Tab Changed
The sound used when a notebook tab is changed.

=item I<scroll-up>

Scrolling Up
Some window was scrolled up.

=item I<scroll-down>

Scrolling down.
Some window was scrolled down.

=item I<scroll-left>

Scrolling to the Left
Some window was scrolled left.

=item I<scroll-right>

Scrolling to the Right
Some window was scrolled right.

=item I<scroll-up-end>

Scroll up has reached the end of the scroll-bar.
Some window was scrolled up and reached the end of the scroll-bar.

=item I<scroll-down-end>

Scroll down has reached the end of the scroll-bar.
Some window was scrolled down and reached the end of the scroll-bar.

=item I<scroll-left-end>

Scroll left has reached the end of the scroll-bar.
Some window was scrolled left and reached the end of the scroll-bar.

=item I<scroll-right-end>

Scroll right has reached the end of the scroll-bar.
Some window was scrolled right and reached the end of the scroll-bar.

=item I<dialog-ok>

Dialog Acknowledged
The sound used when a window is closed by clicking on the OK button for a window.

=item I<dialog-cancel>

Dialog Cancelled
The sound used when a window is closed by clicking the Cancel button for a window.

=item I<drag-start>

Drag Started
The sound used when drag of a file/item is started.

=item I<drag-accept>

Drag Accepted
The sound used when a file/item drag is accepted by a window, such as a folder or IM conversation.

=item I<drag-fail>

Drag Failed
The sound used when a file/item drag is not accepted by a window, such as a folder or IM conversation.

=item I<link-pressed>

Link Pressed
The sound used when a link in a web or help browser is pressed.

=item I<link-released>

Link Released
The sound used when a link in a web or help browser is released.

=item I<button-pressed>

Button Pressed
The sound used when a button is pressed.

=item I<button-released>

Button Released
The sound used when a button is released.

=item I<menu-click>

Menu Clicked
The sound used when a menu item is clicked.

=item I<button-toggle-on>

Button toggled on
The sound used when the toggle/check/radio button is activated.

=item I<button-toggle-off>

Button toggled off
The sound used when the toggle/check/radio button is deactivated.

=item I<expander-toggle-on>

Expander activated.
The sound used when an expander is activated.

=item I<expander-toggle-off>

Expander deactivated.
The sound used when an expander is deactivated.

=item I<menu-popup>

Menu Popup
The sound used when a menu is popped up.

=item I<menu-popdown>

Menu Popdown
The sound used when a menu is popped down.

=item I<menu-replace>

Menu Replace
The sound used when replacing an active menu with another menu.

=item I<tooltip-popup>

Tooltip Popup
The sound used when a tooltip is popped up.

=item I<tooltip-popdown>

Tooltip Popdown
The sound used when a tooltip is popped down.

=item I<item-selected>

Item Selected
The sound used when an item is selected.

=item B<screen-brighter>

Screen Brighter
The sound used when the device screen is made brighter.

=item B<screen-darker>

Screen Darker
The sound used when the device screen is made darker.

=back

=head2 STANDARD GAME SOUNDS

Sounds for usage in games.

=over

=item I<game-over-winner>

Game-Over, Winner
The sound used when the game os over and the player won!

=item I<game-over-loser>

Game-Over, Loser
The sound used when the game is over and the player lost.

=item I<game-card-shuffle>

Cards Shuffled
In card games, when the cards are shuffled.

=item I<game-human-move>

Your move.
The sound used when the user makes a move.

=item I<game-computer-move>

My move.
The sound used when the computer makes a move.

=item B<desktop-created>

Desktop created.
Common sound used when a new desktop is created.

=item B<desktop-destroyed>

Desktop destroyed.
Common sound used when a desktop is destroyed.

=item B<workspace-created>

Work space created.
The sound used when a workspace is created on the screen.

=item B<workspace-destroyed>

Work space destroyed.
The sound used when a workspace is destroyed on the screen.

=item B<desktop-layout-changed>

Desk Top Layout Changed.
The sound used when the desktop layout (rows and columns) changes.

=item B<desktop-mode>

Arrangement Changed
The sound used when the desktop mode changes its arrangement.

=item B<desktop-mode-floating>

Arrange Floating
The sound used when the desktop mode is changed to a floating arrangement.

=item B<desktop-mode-grid>

Arrange Grid
The sound used when the desktop mode is set to a grid arrangement.

=item B<desktop-mode-monocle>

Arrange Monocle
The sound used when the desktop mode is set to a monocle arrangement.

=item B<desktop-mode-tiled>

Arrange Tiled
The sound used when the desktop mode is set to a tiled arrangement.

=item B<desktop-mode-tiled-left>

Arrange Tiled with Left Master
The sound used when the desktop mode is set to a tiled arrangement with a left master position.

=item B<desktop-mode-tiled-right>

Arrange Tiled with Right Master
The sound used when the desktop mode is set to a tiled arrangement with a right master position.

=item B<desktop-mode-tiled-top>

Arrange Tiled with Top Master
The sound used when the desktop mode is set to a tiled arrangement with a top master position.

=item B<desktop-mode-tiled-bottom>

Arrange Tiled with Bottom Master
The sound used when the desktop mode is set to a tiled arrangement with a bottom master position.

=item B<desktop-showing>

Desktop Showing
The sound used when showing the desktop changes.

=item B<desktop-showing-hideall>

Showing Desktop
The sound used when the desktop is revealed (all windows are hidden).

=item B<desktop-showing-showall>

Not Showing Desktop
The sound used when the windows hidden to show the desktop are restored.

=back

=head2 OTHER COMMON EVENT IDS

=over

=item B<bell>

Bell
A common sound acting as a fallback for bell-terminal and bell-window-system.

=item I<busytone>

Busy Tone
Common sound used when the phone/voip call is dialed out and the responder is already engaged.  See also phone-outgoing-busy.

=item B<complete>

Action complete
Common sound used when an action is complete.

=item B<complete-print>

File print complete
Common sound used when a file has completed printing.

=item B<desktop-switch-up>

Desktop Above
Common sound used when the window manager switches to another desktop which is located above the current screen.

=item B<desktop-switch-down>

Desktop Below
Common sound used when the window manager switches to another desktop which is located below the current screen.

=item I<dialtone>

Dial Tone
Common sound used when the receive of a telephone goes off-hook for dialing a call.

=item I<dummy-message>

Dummy Message
Common sound used when any message is needed, usually to show how notifications are done.

=item I<message>

Message
Common sound used when a message is sent.

=item I<newmail>

New Mail
Common sound used when new mail arrives.  See also message-new-email.

=item I<newmessage>

New Message
Common sound used when a new IM arrives.  See also message-new-instant.

=item I<ring>

Ring
Common sound used when a call is incoming.

=item B<screen-capture-complete>

Screen Capture Complete
Common sound used when a screen capture completes.

=item I<startup>

Starting up.
Common sound used when the system starts up.

=item I<test>

Test
Common sound used to test with.

=item I<voicemail>

Voicemail Available
Common sound used when voicemail is available.

=item B<window-attention>

Window Requires Attention
Common sound used when a window demands attention.

=item I<window-question>

Question Window Opened
The sound used when a new dialog window is opened.

=item B<window-slide>

Window Slided
The sound used when a window is slid.

=item I<windows-slide>

Windows Slided
The sound used when multiple windows are slid.

=back


=cut

# vim: set sw=4 tw=72 nocin spell spelllang=en_ca:
